It's all your fault
Now the goblin and our Lin family have only one way
Hurry up and marry the Sun family
Let the Sun family go wrong
It's all your fault
It's useless, don't be afraid
I can solve this trouble with the movement of my finger
Just a bunch of roaches and mice
It's not in my eyes at all
Boy, are you crazy?
You're just a KTV waiter
You actually look down on us for fortifying our hair and killing nine in a row
No part of it is in the eyes
Personality like yours
It's a miracle to be alive today
I guess you're right.
I am indeed a miracle
So you'd better not die in front of me
There are no ants among my kings
But the ants want to offend me
It won't be you who really pretended to be cut into meat, Dad
Hurry up and don't let him pretend
I can't take it anymore
Let's chase him to cut it, don't worry.
Let him drill
I just want to see what he can get into
Boy, don't you have a king's sword?
Come on, light it up, and fix me well. Okay.
Since you beg to die
Then I will fulfill you
Boy, I said Shiye is about to set up soon
You're still bragging about this kind of bull here.
Do you want to die?
He dares to come today
It was the nightmare of his life.
I said you are crazy
You'll find out in a while.
The Street Fighter Club has Zhao Tianlong
Said he recognized Wang Shi as his godfather
Call Wang Shi to kill me, I don't want to show my face
Come and deal with it for a while